Exercise 12: Moving an R Workspace into the Local PC Using Cyberduck
***************************

The HPC cluster is a powerful tool which enables researchers to improve their efficiency. 
However, users of the HPC clusters cannot always use certain packages which they might otherwise be able to on their Local PCs since the TG determines the version of programs (R in this instance).
On the HPC cluster, the installed version of R is not compatible with the ``effects`` package. 
We have created an ``lme`` object called ``fit`` which we want to plot the effects of using the ``effect`` function in the ``effects`` package to visualize the interaction between trial number and condition on reaction time.  
We've saved our workspace to ``RDM_Workshop_Analysis.RData`` and now we can download this from the HPC cluster and plot the ``fit`` object.

1. Connect to Trigon via eduVPN or a hardwired connnection

2. Connect to an Access Node

* Open Cyberduck
* Click ``Open Connection`` at the top left of the window
* Click on the dropdown menu (which defaults to ``File Transfer Protocol (FTP)``) and select ``SSH File Transfer Protocol (SFTP)`` 
* At the ``Server:`` field type in ``mentat001.dccn.nl``
* Enter your DCCN username (firlas@dccn.nl) and password and then click ``Connect`` at the bottom right side of the window

3. Locate the ``RDM_Workshop_Analysis.RData`` file

* Double-click on the ``results`` directory
* Double-click on the ``firlas`` directory where firlas is your DCCN username
* Single-click on the ``RDM_Workshop_Analysis.RData`` file

4. Download the ``RDM_Workshop_Analysis.RData`` file

* Click ``Action`` then ``Download To`` in the dropdown menu
* Single-click the folder you want to download the ``RDM_Workshop_Analysis.RData`` file to
* Push ``OK``

5. Disconnect

Now, if you want, you can open R on your Local PC, open the ``local_analysis.R`` file and open the ``RDM_Workshop_Analysis.RData`` workspace. 
Then, run the script. 
You should see a plot as an output.