How do I access existing datasets from previous Radboud University studies?
***************************************

.. _`How to Download Data from a DSC you have been added to`: https://rdm.dccn.nl/docs/excercises/01.html
.. _`How to Download Data from a DSC you have been not been added to`: https://rdm.dccn.nl/docs/excercises/02.html

During this period, you may wish to analyze data from previous studies. 
If one of these previous studies was conducted by a member of the Donders Institute, you can request access to view the raw data - or Data Acquisition Collections (DACs). 
If this study was conducted by a fellow member of the DCCN, you can see the DAC but you cannot view or download the files. 
If the study was conducted by a member of the DCC, DCN, or DCMN, you cannot see the DAC. 
Since you are a member of the Donders Institute, you can request access to privately available DACs, Research Documentation Collections (RDCs), and Data Sharing Collections (DSCs).

How to Create a Radboud Data Repository Account
==========

* Open your internet browser of choice
* Go to https://data.ru.nl
* Login with your SURFcontext account
* Accept the terms

How to Obtain Access to Radboud Data Repository Collections
===============

To obtain access to Collections in the Radboud Data Repository, you must contact one of the managers of that collection. 
For all DCCN Collections, you can see who the manager(s) are for each collection of each project: you should contact any one of those people and request to be added. 

For DCN, DCC, and DCMN Collections, you will only be able to see who the manager(s) are for each collection if that collection is a publicly available DSC. 
Importantly, not all researchers publish their collections as publicly DSCs. 
Therefore, if you have become aware of a data set collected by a member of the Donders Institute which you would like to analyze, you should just contact a member of that project to ask about if/how you might receive access. 

How to Download data from the Radboud Data Repository
================

* `How to Download Data from a DSC you have been added to`_
* `How to Download Data from a DSC you have been not been added to`_