Central Storage
******************************

Central Storage is accessible via hardwired connections the Trigon Network or the High Performance Computing (HPC) Cluster. 
Central Storage is sometimes referred to as High Performance Storage. 
There are three Drives/Directories on the Central Storage which are relevant for Research Data Management. 

Project
==========
For Windows PCs connected to the Trigon Network, this is the ``P:\`` drive (look under "Network" in File Explorer). 
For VNC Sessions on the HPC Cluster, this is the ``/project/`` folder. 

Research at DCCN is organized by projects. 
Projects are assigned numbers after the Project Proposal Form is completed and approved.

Project numbers are given in the format ``1234567.89``. 
Your project's data will be located at ``P:\1234567.89\`` on Windows PCs connected to the Trigon and the ``/project/1234567.89/`` on the HPC Cluster.

Based on the storage you request in the Project Proposal Form, you will be given a quota of storage which cannot be exceeded in your project's folder.
Each research project, once approved, will be provided with a quota on the DCCN central storage allowing researchers to store and process the research data related to the project. 

Further Reading:

- https://intranet.donders.ru.nl/index.php?id=projectstorage
- https://intranet.donders.ru.nl/index.php?id=quota
- https://hpc.dccn.nl/docs/project_storage/access_management.html

Home
=============
For Windows PCs connected to the Trigon Network, this is the ``H:\`` drive (look under "Network" in File Explorer) which is also the ``M:\`` drive. 
For VNC Sessions on the HPC Cluster, this is the ``/home/`` or ``/my/`` folder. 

After you have signed in at the DCCN, you will be given 5 GB of storage space on in your home directory. 
Your home directory is located within your laboratory group's directory under your DCCN username (Firstname Lastname is firlas).
Your home directory will be located at ``H:\groupname\firlas\`` or ``M:\\`` on Windows PCs connected to the Trigon and ``/home/groupname/firlas/`` or ``/my/`` on the HPC Cluster. 

Groupshare
============
For Windows PCs connected to the Trigon Network, this is the ``G:\`` drive (look under "Network" in File Explorer). 
For VNC Sessions on the HPC Cluster, this is the ``/group/`` folder. 

The Group directory enables passive data sharing between members of a laboratory group. 
All lab group members have read-write access, meaning that they can read, create, delete, move, copy, and edit files located in the group directory. 
Therefore, using the groupshare is ideal for use cases such as having a fellow lab member run your analysis script to check for mistakes.

Your home directory will be located at ``G:\groupname\`` on Windows PCs connected to the Trigon and the ``/group/groupname/`` on the HPC Cluster. 