Exercise 1: Starting a VNC Session
**************************

If you have already accessed the HPC Cluster, this exercise should be skipped.

Necessary Conditions to Start a VNC Session
==================
1. You have been vetted by the TG and now possess a TIQR token 

* You have been checked in at the DCCN
* You follow the instructions under the **TIQR** heading at: https://www.ru.nl/ict-uk/staff/multi-factor-authentification-mfa/electronic-signing-osiris-teachers/registration-mfa-tiqr-en-yubikey/
* After receiving your activation code, you schedule a meeting with Mike or Marek within 7 days of receiving your activation token

2. You have both PuTTY and TigerVNC downloaded on your computer

* Download PuTTY here: https://www.puttygen.com/download-putty
* Download TigerVNC here: https://sourceforge.net/projects/tigervnc/files/stable/1.13.1/
* Open up the .exe files for each PuTTY and TigerVNC and install them

How to start a VNC Session
===================
Please note: these instructions are designed for end-users with no experience or known preferences. 
These are the settings we believe will best serve most beginners. 
If you have other preferences, you should deviate from these instructions. 

1. Both PuTTY and TigerVNC are downloaded. 

* Download PuTTY here: https://www.puttygen.com/download-putty
* Download TigerVNC here: https://sourceforge.net/projects/tigervnc/files/stable/1.13.1/
* Open up the .exe files for each PuTTY and TigerVNC and install them

2. Establish a VPN connection to Trigon. 

* Open eduVPN and login. 
* After your login has been approved but before you establish the VPN connection, select ``RU Donders Institute Trigon (Full Access)`` in the dropdown menu. 
* Now, click the slider to connect. 

3. Start a VNC session

* Open PuTTY
* In the ``Host Name(or IP address)`` field, type ``mentat001.dccn.nl``
* In the ``Port`` field, type ``22``
* Click ``Open``
* Insert your DCCN credentials (the username for a person with Firstname Lastname is firlas)
* Type ``vncmanager`` into the terminal
* Type ``4`` to go to ``Set my VNC password`` and push ``enter`` to proceed
* Set your password ( it can be anything you want but you MUST remember it), push ``enter`` to proceed, verify the password, push ``enter`` to proceed, type ``n`` to skip setting a read-only password, and push ``enter`` to proceed
* Type ``2`` to go to ``Start a (VirtualGL) VNC server`` and push ``enter`` to proceed
* Push ``enter`` on the first host on the list to start your VNC server at the least occupied access node
* Push ``enter`` to select the default screen resolution for your computer
* Push ``y`` to prevent VNC from overlapping the Windows toolbar then ``enter`` to proceed
* Push ``1`` to select the ``xfce - Lightweight XForm CE WIndow Manager``
* Type in your DCCN password (NOT the VNC password you just set)
* You should now be looking at a screen which says ``You have the following VNC servers running``: if you do not, go to the start screen of the vncmanager and push ``1`` to go to ``List my running VNC servers`` and push ``enter``

4. Open up the VNC GUI

* Open TigerVNC side-by-side PuTTY
* In the ``VNC server:`` of TigerVNC, type the name of the VNC server which is listed in PuTTY and then push ``enter``
* Insert the VNC password you just set in the previous step and then push ``enter``
* You have now opened the VNC GUI - it should look similar to your Desktop with a few differences